Add release notes for 2.6.2 (#7223)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes
## Release 2.6.2

### Enhancements
- Add `CompressedSerializer` for compression of other result serializers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7164
- Add option to drop task or flow return values from memory — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7174
- Add support for creating and reading notification policies from the client — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7154

> - Add API support for sorting of deployments — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7187

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add API support for sorting deployments — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7187
```

- Improve searching and sorting of flows and deployments in the UI —  https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7160

> - Improve rrule parsing with support for compound rules and rrulesets  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7165

Author: It's not technically an all-caps thing, perhaps RRule would be most correct. How about the full name though?

```suggestion
- Improve recurrence rule schedule parsing with support for compound rules  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7165
```

> - Improve rrule parsing with support for compound rules and rrulesets  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/7165

Reviewer: Agreed thats better
